GetNodeInfo (#220)
Concordium/concordium-java-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Block Items
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Consensus Status/Info
- Added support for GRPC V2 Get Block Info 'GetBlockInfo' for retrieving information of the block being queried.

> - Added support for GRPC V2 Get Node Info

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support for GRPC V2 `GetNodeInfo` for retrieving various information of the node queried.
```
